



Arthritis is the swelling and tenderness or pain of one or more joint. The main symptoms of arthritis are joint pain and stiffness, which typically worsen with age. The most common types of arthritis are osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.

Allergies are caused by Eye irritation, Runny nose ,Stuffy nose ,Puffy watery eyes, Sneezing , Inflamed , itchy nose and throat.

Colds and influenza (flu) are caused by fever (100° F),headache,more intense pain and fatigue, andmore severe, often dry cough .When you get the flu, you are also more prone to bronchitis, sinus, and ear infections.

Fungal infections are caused by itching ,skin rash ,nodal skin eruptions , dischromic patches .

GERD shows stomach pain, acidity, ulcers on tongue, vomiting,cough,chest pain.

Chronic cholestasis shows symptoms of itching ,yellowish skin, nausea, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, yellowing of eyes.

Peptic ulcer diseae shows symptoms of vomiting, indigestion ,loss of appetite, abdominal pain, passage of gases, internal itching.

Diabetes shows symptoms of fatigue, weight loss, restlessness, irregular sugar level, blurred and distorted vision, obesity, excessive_hunger, increased_appetite ,polyuria.

Gastroenteritis shows symptoms of vomiting, sunken_eyes, dehydration, diarrhoea.

Hypertension shows symptoms of headache, dizziness, loss of balance, chest pain, lack of concentration.

Migraine show symptoms of acidity, indigestion ,blurred and distorted vision, excessive hungers, stiff neck, depression, irritability, headache, visual disturbances.

Cervical spondylosis shows symptoms of back pain, weakness in limbs, neck pain, loss of balance.

Jaundice shows symptoms of itching, vomiting, fatigue, high fever, yellowish skin, dark urine, abdominal pain.

Malaria shows symptoms of chills or cold, vomiting, sweating, headache, nausea, diarrhoea, muscle pain.

Chicken pox shows symptoms of itching, skin rash, fatigue, high fever, headache, loss of appetite, mild fever,swelled lymph nodes or red spots or red pimple, malaise.

Dengue shows symptoms of skin rash, joint pain, vomiting, fatigue, high fever, headache, nausea, loss of appetite, pain behind the eyes.

Hepatitis shows symptoms joint pain, yellowish skin, dark urine, nausea, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, diarrhoea, mild fever, yellowing of eyes.

Tuberculosis shows symptoms chills or cold, vomiting, fatigue, weight loss, high fever, breathlessness, sweating, loss of appetite, mild fever.

Pneumonia shows symptoms chills , cough, high fever, breathlessness, sweating, malaise, phlegm, chest pain, fast heart rate.

Dimorphic hemmorhoids(piles) shows symptoms, constipation, pain during bowel movements, pain in anal region, bloody stool, irritation in anus.

Varicose veins shows symptoms of cramps, bruising, obesity, swollen legs, swollen blood vessels, prominent veins on calf.

Hypothyroidism shows symptoms of weight gain, cold hands and feets, mood swings, lethargy, puffy face and eyes, enlarged thyroid, brittle nails, swollen extremeties.

Hypoglycemia shows symptoms of vomiting, fatigue, anxiety, headache, nausea, blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, drying and tingling lips, slurred speech or breakage in speech.

Vertigo shows symptoms of headache, nausea, loss of balance, unsteadiness.

Urinary tract infection shows symptoms burning micturition or pain during urination, bladder discomfort, foul smell of urine, continuous feel of urine.

Psoriasis - skin infection, joint pain, skin peeling or flaking, silver like dusting, small dents in nails, inflammatory nails.

Heart disease is Chest pain or discomfort, upper back or neck pain, indigestion, heartburn, nausea or vomiting, extreme fatigue, upper body discomfort, dizziness, and shortness of breath.

Elder Helpline No.1800-180-1253 This Helpline links elders to various institutions such as old age homes, hospitals, police, government and non-governmental organizations.





For relive stress and become relax we can do meditation and breathing exercise for a relaxed mind state.

Mainly panic attack is a symptom of anxiety.And its very dangerous.

Stress is a common trigger for anxiety and it's important to catch anxiety symptoms early to prevent development of an anxiety disorder.

Persons under stress experience mental and physical symptoms, such as irritability, anger, fatigue, muscle pain, digestive troubles, and difficulty sleeping.

some times headache may be due to stress in your life.

we can get rid or reduce stress by taking a breath, breathe out slowly, Now, let's see what works for you
*Embrace the stress and think positively
*Schedule time for worrying
*Give yourself time to recuperate.

lack of sleep also causes stress.




Dental Health or hygeine can be maintained by brush your teeth twice a day ,Choose a toothpaste that eliminates bacteria.

Personal Hygiene can be maintained by shower daily,This is the best way to get rid of any dirt, sweat, and/or germs that your body may haveaccumulated throughout the day and prevents hygiene-related diseases.

Lack of personal hygiene can cause Diarrheal diseases are the most common problem caused by poor sanitation,Urinary Tract Infection,Boils are skin infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus.

Prevent Chronic Health Conditions by meeting with a physician for an annual checkup, maintaining a healthy diet and keeping an exercise routine. 

Malnutrition weakened immune system and muscle weakness. 

Malnutrition can be prevented by Committing to small changes in diet, such as increasing consumption of fruits and vegetables and decreasing consumption of saturated fat and salt,can help nutrition issues in the elderly.

Prevent Bladder control and constipation by maintaining a healthy weight, eating a healthy diet and exercising regularly to avoid these elderly health issues. 











